Rework 24 hour clock worked example prep (#1033)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/js1/reusing-variable-names/index.md

+++
title = '🔄 Reusing variable names'

time = 30
facilitation = false
emoji= '🔄'
[objectives]
1='Interpret an error message'
2='Break down an error message and look up unfamiliar parts'
3='Rephrase an error message'
[build]
  render = 'never'
  list = 'local'
  publishResources = false

+++

We saw this error - let's try to understand it:

```
SyntaxError: Identifier 'currentOutput' has already been declared
```

### Knowing what we changed

It can be useful to remember when our code last worked, and what we changed since then.

> When we just had the first 10 lines of code here, everything worked, but we got this error when we added the rest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we just had the first 10 lines of code here, everything worked. When we added the rest, we got this error:
```

```js {linenos=table,linenostart=1,hl_lines=["12-17"]}
function formatAs12HourClock(time) {
  return `${time} am`;
}

const currentOutput = formatAs12HourClock("08:00");
const targetOutput = "08:00 am";
console.assert(
  currentOutput === targetOutput,
  `current output: ${currentOutput}, target output: ${targetOutput}`
);

const currentOutput = formatAs12HourClock("23:00");
const targetOutput = "11:00 pm";
console.assert(
  currentOutput === targetOutput,
  `current output: ${currentOutput}, target output: ${targetOutput}`
);
```

{{<note type="tip" title="Tip">}}

This is one of the reasons it's useful to run our code often.

> If we only changed one small thing since our code last worked, it's easier to find the problem. If we wrote 100 lines of code since we last saw it work, it will be harder to identify which change was the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we changed one thing since our code last worked, we know what change is the problem. If we have written 100 lines of code since we last saw it work, we have 100 possible problems.
```

{{</note>}}

### Interpreting the error message

> The error message is designed to tell us useful information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message tries to tell us useful information:
```

```
SyntaxError: Identifier 'currentOutput' has already been declared
```

When we get an error, we should make sure we understand all of the words in the error message. If we don't, we should look them up or ask someone.

> * **SyntaxError** - If we Google "JavaScript SyntaxError", [MDN tells us](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SyntaxError) this is "an error when trying to interpret syntactically invalid code". So - we wrote some code which isn't allowed.

Reviewer: rephrase this whole thing as an activity where they have to do this
